(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

In the name of Allah, the most Gracious, the most Merciful. See, we are, Mashallah, this class on Wednesday will continue. In this, we will be reviewing all the hackathons and grading all the hackathons.

Not just the zero hackathons, but all of them. So, all the selection processes will be done through this class on Wednesday. So that other people can also watch and be transparent.

Junaid Bhai, would you like to add anything? Absolutely, sir. We will be reviewing all the hackathons and all the projects here. And all the selection processes will be done through this class on Wednesday.

Junaid, please tell us about the position of all your hackathons. I gave the demo of hackathons 1 and 2 in the live streams. The rest of the hackathons that I had, I also completed them.

After hackathon 0, my hackathons 3 and 4 are also almost complete. I will try to share the demos of all of them in this weekend. Right, right. 

So, Inshallah, we will be reviewing all of your hackathons on the next Wednesday. Absolutely, sir. Okay. 

Who else's hackathons are almost complete? Zeeshan Bhai, please tell us about your condition. Sir, I also gave the demo of hackathons 1 and 2. And I also completed hackathons 0 last time. Hackathons 4 is also almost complete.

Hackathons 3 is only 20-30%. Most probably, my hackathons will be complete by next week. Fatima, please tell us about your condition.

Assalamualaikum, sir. Walaikumassalam. Sir, I also completed hackathons 1, 2, 3 and 0. And I also made two more FTs, other than that.

That's great. I can show you my hackathons 3. I have also deployed it. Let's see.

And Shahzad Anjum Bhai. Shahzad Bhai, what is your condition? Yes, Assalamualaikum. Sir, I also have almost all of my hackathons complete.

Inshallah, I will show you my hackathons in the next week. I also showed you the demo of hackathons 2 and 2. The rest of my hackathons are also complete. I just have a few more to live.

Inshallah, I will show you my hackathons in the next week. Great. Now, let me repeat what our process is.

Our process will be that the people who are doing hackathons and tests. Right now, there is only one test in the field. The second one will also come in a few days.

For example, Junaid is making chapter 2 and updating it. With the co-work. As soon as he completes it, we will make a test of it.

That is not a big deal. All the tests that will be made in the future. Custom agent tests will also be made and so on.

Cloud tests will also be made. If you have completed 5 hackathons, then you have 2 choices. Wherever there is conflict of interest, it is necessary to have a full disclosure.

When I am working for you, I know that I have no benefit. There is only loss. I don't even describe that much.

I mean, what should I say? There is a lot to tell. This will come up. But the things that I can benefit from, my job is to tell you the whole thing.

Now, you have 2 branches after completing these hackathons. I mean, you are graduating in a way. With the test, of course.

So, there are 2 choices. No. 1, you do a separate project.

And whatever help you get from me, Junaid, we will do it with our whole team. But obviously, we cannot work with you full time. Because we are also doing our work.

Whatever you decide. I have a problem in doing your separate work. Why? I feel that most of you, even Junaid, have not developed a business part.

So, you run such projects. I can also fail. There have been many.

I am talking about probability. As soon as I chose Pennyversity, the probability of failing was very low. Similarly, if I choose any project, the probability of failing is 50-60%.

Otherwise, when you do a project, it is 95%. 5% can be anything. But when you work with me, I will also benefit.

So, when I benefit, I should tell you that I will also benefit. So that you know that my financial interest is also involved. When you do a separate work, my financial interest is not involved.

So, the point is that whatever people decide, what will have to be done? Because I have a lot of responsibilities. Now, like Junaid, Vania, Rehan, there are others in Pennyversity, Amar, etc. So, they are in Pennyversity.

So, I have control. I consult with them. Whatever payments have been made so far, I have done what they have said.

But, if one of them fails, then he will not be able to do it because I have control. Now, if he keeps dreaming in his mind, then there is no harm. As long as it is not practically.

So, the point is that if you are working with us, then you will have to trust us. We will not be unjust. Like I am thinking from Junaid, MashaAllah, he has gone so far, that whenever I go to Lahore, I eat Nihari.

That feed me. And Nando is there. Anjum has also gone very far, that feed Nando in a week, and feed Nihari in a week.

This type of arrangement. I should also have a profit. So, the point I want to say is that you all understand this.

Right now, you do not need to think much. Right now, it is not a war. Yes, Anjum, Zeeshan, Fatima, etc.

Vania is also almost over. They told last week. So, they are also over.

Those who are coming to the end, think in your mind. Okay, we will never offer you to work with us. Why? Because you do not want to say yes to everything.

You yourself say, sir, include me in the team. So, there is a lot of work in Paniversity too. And then after Paniversity, more books have to be written.

More in education. Then after that, accounting, finance, and all these things have to go into domains. So, they will discuss and decide what your pet project will be.

And you will have to trust how much share of the company will be yours. I will decide this, because I do not want there to be a fight between us. If you abuse me, you can abuse me.

There is no problem. My share is fixed. But there should not be such a thing that you and Zeeshan and Junaid meet on the street and do not hug.

This is a bad thing. And it happens when there are disagreements. There are always disagreements.

But they know that Zeeshan has not done all this. So, when you meet there, on Ben's Road, or in the Liberty Mall, you will abuse me. He was a very good person.

He cheated us a lot. So, there is no problem. So, this is it.

Those who are coming close, contact us. I got a message from Wania yesterday. In fact, it was in the morning.

I got a message from Wania. He said, I am running out of time. Make a plan for me.

So, I made a plan and sent him. I did not make it long. I said, you and Junaid will sit and decide.

The upper layers of this, Junaid, like in this, Socrates, word training, personalization, and other AI components should be added. I said, Wania, if you are interested, we will discuss with Junaid and he will give you work. In the same way, Rehan bhai will be finished.

Whatever will happen. Rehan bhai is already with us. He will be given work immediately.

Wania is already with us. Not in the sense of business. All of them are with us.

But in the sense of business. So, and if you, we have, Junaid bhai has money. So, if needed, he will approve.

If the committee of these three, and in the future, when you will also join, so, so, we should be helpless, in the sense that, we are not able to make that child, and we already have so many interns, otherwise, we will bring Junaid on a normal position. InshaAllah. But, we will not eat together.

That is the rule of our life. Now, I have told you the general plan. But, now, you focus on completing all the actions.

Who will show first? Who will show? Sohail. Okay, I am not looking at my senior people right now. They should get more chances.

It develops confidence by showing their work. Sohail, show. Yes, Assalam-o-Alaikum.

Can you hear me? Is my mic okay? Is it okay now? Is it okay now? If it is too much, then check the mic. You can check the mic. Can you tell me where the adjustment of mic is? It might be in the mic.

Maybe I opened my voice too much. One minute. I did some adjustment of the mic.

Now it is okay. Now there is no noise. Now there is less noise, but there is no noise.

I will do it. The second thing is that you keep sending me the message that I have made this and that. You should show it to the manager so that everyone can see.

Okay, sir. Many people are afraid that if someone steals, if he steals such a good idea, then what will happen later. You have already reached such a place where everyone is stealing your ideas, then you are already worthy of salutation.

Who is telling? Sohail, will you show? Sharing is not happening. Is my screen sharing? Okay. Sir, what I did in this is that I tried to make your bronze and silver I tried to make both of them together.

For that, the main thing I did at the moment is that Odoo Sorry, whose voice is coming? Yes, sir. Stop it. Yes, sir.

Okay. What I have done is I have integrated Odoo with cloud desktop. And for that I have used its MCP server.

So, thank God that it has been integrated with it. Can I ask a question? Yes, sir. Why with CLI and not with desktop? Sir, in CLI there was a lot of confusion because when I run desktop it takes a lot of time and executes it.

But when I run it in desktop it answers it immediately. Another thing is that its UI is good and it is easy for it. It will take some time for such things.

Do you understand the reason why it keeps doing CLI? I have integrated with CLI so I don't have any issue. No, there is no issue. There is no issue.

But when you give a command it processes it for a long time and then it brings it back. I have made two versions of it. One is the CLI version which is also running well.

And this is the desktop version. I wanted to show you this. In the background you can see I have provided services for free.

I have got it for 14 days and 11 days are left. Is it ok, sir? Your screen is showing. Your screen is running a little slow.

Now your screen is loading. Ok. This is the main screen and I have registered it.

I have got 14 days and 11 days are left. Ok. I have taken the contacts from their demo and I have added some.

I have updated my CRM and in this I have added some because it was empty. Apart from this if you go to the inventory I have added all the products. Can I ask you something? Is there any database made by them? Because it is a lot of work to put the data.

Is there any ODO database which has all the data? Sir, there is but I have tried to transfer it a lot but in its fields I have to sync it. It was getting difficult in the fields then I left it. It took 1 or 2 days then I left it.

Ok. Sir, didn't you use a demo company? When you install ODO there is a demo company option which makes the demo database by itself. Yes, it makes it by itself.

But I have tried to import it instead of taking all the demos. Because if you take the demo then you cannot customize it. I have done it by my own will.

Ok. I have added these 9 products by myself. I have not added iPhone 60 Pro by myself.

I have added it by going to the desktop. Other than this if you see in sales all these orders I have cancelled it. I have not done it manually.

I have done it by going to the desktop. Many of these things I have done manually but the rest I have done by going to the desktop. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... i live in india so in the same way the answer comes list confirm all those numbers and products in table he made a table and gave it to me table if you say i will show it to you he made this table ok sir it will be adjusted sir you are his expert ask him a question who who will ask sir zeeshan zeeshan sir zeeshan sir i have a question the mcp you have made is it made by you i made it with nt gravity and in this i have generated all the reports that what i am using and in this you and sir had a shared conversation on whatsapp so sir said put rpc2 so i said put json rpc2 but it was not put and you can see in this i will show you the code so all the reports i have generated from this what all things and how to operate it ok this mcp tools will be used in search create record update record and list models so according to that all this is going on ok sir is it possible to add one second what is he saying it is possible to add second approval process so before pivot it would need a second approval this is a good question it was difficult for me when i used to approve it it used to stop at one place and for confirmation it used to ask this is double confirmation which is not in my access you have to manually confirm in that validation validation it does not do it by itself validation has one or two things which you have to validate in screen maybe if i open it somewhere validation is there maybe in quotation maybe zeeshan knows validation before confirming it asks I have also got the payment done from this, look at this, that's okay, the question is that if let's suppose before making the last payment from here, confirmation from you, as you are saying, it is required, there are multiple steps in this verification, in which you can give rights, my question in this is actually the second one is that if you have signed in, then from which account are you and what is the scene in that, that is, you are creating the invoice openly, you are sending it, you are placing the order, so there are different roles in it, so have you seen any role-based authentication in MCB, I have not seen, because I have installed it, so maybe I have to call this super admin, I have to do all this myself, I have seen it every day, if you see the role of MCB, then I will tell you a little bit that when it is installed with JsonRPC, then it will ask for an account from you, by default it would have taken your admin role, you will see that in the options, you will get the benefit of it, let's say when you make different agents, then what will happen there that you have to give them roles, let's say a salesman can make sales, but can't confirm, I will note this, God willing, we will do it another time, and apart from this, I was making its next version today, and I started it yesterday, I was making it today, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it yesterday, I was making it One app, sir, if you go to the community, in the community, you have, as I was talking to Junaid bhai, there are 6-7 apps that are available for the community.

No, no, I am saying that Hosted by Odo, is there any free app in that? No, Hosted by Odo, not in Odo SH, their enterprise plan is all paid. If you want to host with them, it is paid in the enterprise. If you host with yourself, it is free.

Like this brother is using, he got a 14-day trial of Odo SH. If they want to use it for free, then they will have to host it with them and it will be a community version. Yes, in case they buy the enterprise license for one time, then they will have to host it with them.

Yes, but no, it also has a desktop, if you download it with you, then you can run it. Okay, apart from this, I have only downloaded Gini Chuni apps. There are a lot of apps that you can use for free within 14 days.

I have only done this for my needs. In 14 days, it will give you everything. If you go to the community, I have 7-8 apps installed in the community.

Okay, but this is... Yes, sir. Tell me one thing, how much will you be paying for Odo? Sir, it is user-based. I mean, we pay per user, because if you host on SH, then you have to pay $17 per user.

And if we host on a local server, then we have to pay $12 per user. But the benefit of SH is that every time when Odo 18 or Odo 19 comes, they will automatically migrate it for us. We don't have to worry about it.

So, you are saying $20 for one user. Yes. $17 for one user.

Yes, it is $17. But as far as I know, I don't have much experience, but I think their rates are very low. No, actually, they are more for smaller companies.

Yes, that is also true. What did you say? I said their rates are low. Nishant? Yes, sir.

What did you say? Sir, look, at this time, we are using 23-24 IDs. So, we have to pay $12 per user. $360 per month.

That is enough for a year. But, look, if you are just a developer, then you will only pay $1. And then, the number of people accessing the company, $300-$400 is nothing compared to the companies.

If Microsoft is using Dynamics, then it will be very expensive. Hello, I can't hear you. Sir, I am silent, but you were talking to Nishant.

Sir, can I change my neck? I will rejoin. Thank you, sir. I was just asking Nishant, if you have seen a cheaper option from Odo in the market? No, sir.

We have seen SAP and Oracle, but they are very costly at the enterprise level. So, we are giving monthly, and then we have made it on-site, so that is also there. And in the future, we are in the mood to either go for customized, because in Odo, there are many things that are not meeting our needs.

So, we will go for customized. I think there is customization in this. Yes, there is, but only up to a level.

Do you know what is the loss? If you customize a module more than a limit, then when the next version comes, there is a lot of issue in migration. For example, if you want to go from Odo 18 to Odo 19,

(This file is longer than 30 minutes. Go Unlimited at TurboScribe.ai to transcribe files up to 10 hours long.)